Add instruction in component checklist to not set `podAntiAffinity` (#11980)
gardener/gardener: docs/development/component-checklist.md

   Enable leader election unconditionally for controllers independently from the number of replicas or from the high availability configurations. Having leader election enabled even for a single replica Deployment prevents having two Pods active at the same time. Otherwise, there are some corner cases that can result in two active Pods - Deployment rolling update or kubelet stops running on a Node and is not able to terminate the old replica while kube-controller-manager creates a new replica to match the Deployment's desired replicas count.

> 8. **Do not set a `podAntiAffinity` in the deployment**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. **Do not set a `pod{Anti}Affinity` for spreading across nodes or zones**
```

>    Spread across nodes is handled by the TopologySpreadConstraint configuration. Setting a `podAntiAffinity` additionally makes it harder to run the component locally or in smaller setups with only a single node. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Spread across nodes and zones is handled by the [HighAvailabilityConfig](../concepts/resource-manager.md#high-availability-config) webhook. Specifying another `pod{Anti}Affinity` makes it harder to run the component locally or in smaller setups with only a single node. 
```
